book/src/intro.md, before:

# op-alloy

<a href="https://github.com/alloy-rs/op-alloy"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/alloy-rs/op-alloy"></a>

Welcome to the hands-on guide for getting started with `op-alloy`!

`op-alloy` connects applications to the OP Stack, leveraging high
performance types, traits, and middleware from [Alloy][alloy].

> 📖 Development Status
>
> `op-alloy` is in active development, and is not yet ready for use in production.
> During development, this book will evolve quickly and may contain inaccuracies.
>
> Please [open an issue][new-issue] if you find any errors or have any suggestions for
> improvements, and also feel free to [contribute][contributing] to the project!

## Sections

### [Getting Started](./starting/installation.md)

To get started with op-alloy, add its crates as a dependency and take your first steps.

### [Building with op-alloy](./building/README.md)

Walk through types and functionality available in different `op-alloy` crates.

### [Examples](./examples/README.md)

Get hands-on experience using `op-alloy` crates for critical OP Stack functionality.

### [Contributing](./CONTRIBUTING.md)

Contributors are welcome! It is built and maintained by Alloy contributors,
members of [OP Labs][op-labs], and the broader open source community.

`op-alloy` follows and expands the OP Stack standards set in the [specs].
The [contributing guide][contributing] breaks down how the [specs]
integrate with `op-alloy` and how to contribute to `op-alloy`.

### [Licensing](./LICENSE.md)

`op-alloy` is licensed under the combined Apache 2.0 and MIT License, along
with a SNAPPY license for snappy encoding use.


{{#include ./links.md}}

Commit message:

Migrate alloy-rs/op-alloy-protocol->op-rs/maili-protocol & alloy-rs/op-alloy-provider->op-rs/maili-provider

book/src/intro.md, after:

# maili

<a href="https://github.com/op-rs/maili"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/op-rs/maili"></a>

Welcome to the hands-on guide for getting started with `maili`!

`maili` connects the OP Stack, debuting unique types and interfaces linked to
Ethereum via [OP-Alloy][op-alloy] primitives.

> 📖 Development Status
>
> `maili` is in active development, and is not yet ready for use in production.
> During development, this book will evolve quickly and may contain inaccuracies.
>
> Please [open an issue][new-issue] if you find any errors or have any suggestions for
> improvements, and also feel free to [contribute][contributing] to the project!

## Sections

### [Getting Started](./starting/installation.md)

To get started with maili, add its crates as a dependency and take your first steps.

### [Building with maili](./building/README.md)

Walk through types and functionality available in different `maili` crates.

### [Examples](./examples/README.md)

Get hands-on experience using `maili` crates for critical OP Stack functionality.

### [Contributing](./CONTRIBUTING.md)

Contributors are welcome! It is built and maintained by op-rs contributors,
members of [OP Labs][op-labs] and the broader open source community.

`maili` follows and expands the OP Stack standards set in the [specs].
The [contributing guide][contributing] breaks down how the [specs]
integrate with `maili` and how to contribute to `maili`.

### [Licensing](./LICENSE.md)

`maili` is licensed under the combined Apache 2.0 and MIT License, along
with a SNAPPY license for snappy encoding use.


{{#include ./links.md}}
